# BETestLib
This is a project of [TIBCO BusinessEvents](https://docs.tibco.com/products/tibco-businessevents-5-4-1).  It is designed to provide an HTTP service for processing jUnit test requests, and demonstrate BE unit tests implemented inside a BE project, and then executed by using a jUnit wrapper.  It also demonstrates the use of Maven to build BE projlibs.  Jacoco code-coverage reports for the unit tests are also generated by Maven.

## Prerequisites

It is tested with TIBCO BusinessEvents 5.4.1, but the framework may work with earlier version of BE as well.  If you are a licensed TIBCO customer, you can download and install the following BE packages from [TIBCO eDelivery](https://edelivery.tibco.com/storefront/eval/tibco-businessevents-enterprise-edition/prod10352.html):
 
## Unit test for BE projects

#### BE catalog functions for Assert

To write readable tests with assertion, we wrapped and extended the [JUnit](http://junit.org/) and [Hamcrest](http://hamcrest.org/JavaHamcrest/) core assertion APIs as BusinessEvents catalog functions.  These functions are implemented by the [BEAssert](https://github.com/yxuco/be_sample/tree/master/BEAssert) project in this sample.

#### Import project into BusinessEvents Studio

Launch the TIBCO BusinessEvents Studio, import and configure the BE project as follows.

 - Pulldown **File** menu and select **Import...**
 - In the **Import** dialog, select **Existing TIBCO BusinessEvents Studio Project**, then click **Next >** button.
 - In the **Existing TIBCO BusinessEvents Project Import Wizard** dialog, browse for **Existing project root directory**, select and open the `BETestLib` folder under your workspace.
 - Confirm that `$workspace/BETestLib/src/main/BETestLib/` is populated as the **Existing project root directory**, uncheck `Copy project into workspace`, then click the **Finish** button.
 - If the **BusinessEvents Studio Development** perspective is not open, in **Package Explorer** or **Studio Explorer**, highlight the root of the imported project `BETestLib`, and pulldown **Window** menu to open the **BusinessEvents Studio Development Perspective**.
 - Right-click the project root `BETestLib` and select popup menu **Properties**.  Highlight **Build Path** and in **Java Libraries** panel, add a Third Party library `beassert-1.0.0.jar`, which is built by the project [BEAssert](https://github.com/yxuco/be_sample/tree/master/BEAssert).
 - In **Studio Explorer**, highlight the project root folder `BETestLib`, pulldown **Project** menu and select **Clean...**.
 - In **Studio Explorer**, right-click the project root folder and select the popup menu **Build Enterprise Archive...**.
 - In **Building Enterprise Archive...** dialog, select a **File Location** for the EAR file, e.g., `/tmp/BETestLib.ear`, then click the **OK** button.
 - If you see a dialog "`The Enterprise Archive file was built correctly`", you are ready to start the BE engine. (Note that if the build failed because you rebuilt the `beassert-1.0.0.jar`, you may have to restart the BusinessEvents Studio, and execute the **Clean...** step again.)
 - To start the BE engine in BusinessEvents Studio, in the "run configuration", add 3 jars to the classpath: `junit-4.12.jar`, `hamcrest-core-1.3.jar`, and `beassert-1.0.0.jar`.  All 3 jars can be found in the Maven local repository, which is by default, ~/.m2/repository.
 - To start the BE engine from command-line, use the following command from where you generated the `BETestLib.ear` file.  **Note:** edit the `be-engine.tra` to add the 3 jar files to the classpath.

```
${BE_HOME}/bin/be-engine --propFile ${BE_HOME}/bin/be-engine.tra -u default \
-c ${WORKSPACE}/BETestLib/Deployments/BETestLib.cdd BETestLib.ear
```

where `BE_HOME` is the root folder of the BE product installation, e.g., `/usr/local/tibco/be/5.4`, and `WORKSPACE` is the workspace folder where you cloned the `BETestLib` project.

#### Execute JUnit tests in BusinessEvents Studio

While the BE engine is running, you can launch the JUnit tests implemented under  `$workspace/BETestLib/test/`.

To invoke the build, test and code-coverage reports in a single step, you can execute `mvn test` from the folder `$workspace/BETestLib/`.

Please email or open issues if there is any problem with this project.  For more details about using this test framework, you may check out the [tutorial](https://github.com/yxuco/betest_tutorial).

**Note:** On my Mac, BusinessEvents Studio sometimes hangs during startup due to Eclipse cached state.  If you experience the same, you may try to start it from command-line using the following flags:

    cd $BE_HOME/studio/eclipse/studio.app/Contents/MacOS
    ./studio -clean -clearPersistedState

## The author

Yueming is a Sr. Architect working at [TIBCO](http://www.tibco.com/) Architecture Service Group.